== Meeting 2018-05-07

=== Attendees

* Fabian Hauser, fhauser
* Raphael Zimmermann, rzimmerm
* Prof. Dr. Andreas Steffen, SFF

Minute Taker: rzimmerm

=== Agenda

. Administrative Tasks
. Review: Test-Drive
. Presentation Date
. Priorisation: On what shoud we focus?
. Review: Issues we encountered
. Date and time for the next meeting

=== Discussions / Decisions

. Administrative Tasks
. Review: Test-Drive
. Presentation Date
. Priorisation: On what shoud we focus?
    * The core functionallity is (almost) complete
    ** Subtopics view is missing
    ** Subscription view is missing
    ** Persisted Items
    * We can improve the usability of the existing components:
    ** Add search field to the overview
    ** Detect lost updates
    ** Autocomplete of JIDs and Collections / Topics
. Review: Issues we encountered
. Date and time for the next meeting

=== Upcoming absences

